Acrolinx quality improvements: ad-fs-single-sign-on-settings.md (#6985)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/identity/ad-fs/operations/ad-fs-single-sign-on-settings.md

  To set the cutoff time, run the following PowerShell cmdlet:

``` powershell
Set-AdfsProperties -PersistentSsoCutoffTime <DateTime>
```

## Enable PSSO for Office 365 users to access SharePoint Online

> Once PSSO is enabled and configured in AD FS, AD FS will write a persistent cookie after a user has authenticated. The next time the user comes in, if a persistent cookie is still valid, a user does not need to provide credentials to authenticate again. You can also avoid the additional authentication prompt for Office 365 and SharePoint Online users by configuring the following two claims rules in AD FS to trigger persistence at Microsoft Azure AD and SharePoint Online.  To enable PSSO for Office 365 users to access SharePoint online, you need to install this [hotfix](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2958298/) which is also part of the of [August 2014 update rollup for Windows RT 8.1, Windows 8.1, and Windows Server 2012 R2](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2975719).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once PSSO is enabled and configured in AD FS, AD FS will write a persistent cookie after a user has authenticated. The next time the user comes in, if a persistent cookie is still valid, a user doesn't need to provide credentials to authenticate again. You can also avoid the extra authentication prompt for Office 365 and SharePoint Online users by configuring the following two claims rules in AD FS to trigger persistence at Microsoft Azure AD and SharePoint Online.  To enable PSSO for Office 365 users to access SharePoint online, you need to install this [hotfix](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2958298/) which is also part of the of [August 2014 update rollup for Windows RT 8.1, Windows 8.1, and Windows Server 2012 R2](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2975719).

```

> Once PSSO is enabled and configured in AD FS, AD FS will write a persistent cookie after a user has authenticated. The next time the user comes in, if a persistent cookie is still valid, a user does not need to provide credentials to authenticate again. You can also avoid the additional authentication prompt for Office 365 and SharePoint Online users by configuring the following two claims rules in AD FS to trigger persistence at Microsoft Azure AD and SharePoint Online.  To enable PSSO for Office 365 users to access SharePoint online, you need to install this [hotfix](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2958298/) which is also part of the of [August 2014 update rollup for Windows RT 8.1, Windows 8.1, and Windows Server 2012 R2](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2975719).

Reviewer: `You can also avoid the additional authentication prompt for Office 365 and SharePoint Online users by configuring the following two claims rules in AD FS to trigger persistence at Microsoft Azure AD and SharePoint Online`

`To enable PSSO for Office 365 users to access SharePoint online, you need to install this [hotfix](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2958298/) which is also part of the of [August 2014 update rollup for Windows RT 8.1, Windows 8.1, and Windows Server 2012 R2](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/2975719).`

These sentences are quite complex, could they be simplifed?

 An Issuance Transform rule to pass through the InsideCorporateNetwork claim

> 

Reviewer: There is a table between lines 139 and 190, would you might changing this to markdown format?

  </tr>
</table>

**Registered Device?** You get a PSSO / Persistent SSO

**Not Registered Device?** You get a SSO

**Not Registered Device but KMSI?** You get a PSSO/ Persistent SSO

IF:
 - [x] Admin has enabled the KMSI feature [AND]
 - [x] User selects the KMSI check box on the forms login page

  
AD FS issues a new refresh token only if the validity of the newer refresh token is longer than the previous token. The maximum lifetime of a token is is 84 days, but AD FS keeps the token valid on a 14-day sliding window. If the refresh token is valid for 8 hours, which is the regular SSO time, a new refresh token isn't issued.

**Good to Know:**

Federated users who don't have the **LastPasswordChangeTimestamp** attribute synced are issued session cookies and refresh tokens that have a **Max Age value of 12 hours**.

> This occurs because Azure AD can't determine when to revoke tokens that are related to an old credential (such as a password that has been changed). Therefore, Azure AD must check more frequently to make sure that the user and associated tokens are still in good standing.

Reviewer: Starting with the word this could be confusing when localised. Can we be specific introduce clarity? It is also complex, could it be simplified, this might come from increased clarity.

Reviewer: Looks better but Acrolinx is now showing too complex for line 211.

`Max Age value session cookies and refresh tokens are issued because Azure AD can't determine when to revoke tokens that are related to an old credential (such as a password that has been changed).`
